[Autogenerated] Now that we've covered the concepts of
fetching and preparing your data, let's see them in action in Sagemaker studio.
At the beginning of this course, I showed you how to set up Sage Maker studio.
So go ahead and navigate their in my file structure here on the left.
I'm going to go under Amazon's sage maker.
Examples to AWS Sage maker studio getting started and
then you'll notice this Jupyter.
Notebook here ending in studio.
Let me click into that.
If you prompted to start up the kernel at this point,
go ahead and cancel out of that, we aren't actually gonna be using this one,
but it will point us to the one that we need.
Let me just rearrange my screen a little bit here, up here on top.
It gives you a little bit of information about the
different features and sage maker studio.
Feel free to look through this on your own,
but I'm going to scroll down past background and passed
the first couple blocks of code here.
You'll see that we're using a publicly available dataset.
But this particular notebook that comes with the examples has
actually done some of the pre processing work for us,
and we want to do that ourselves.
So to get to the notebook that starts with the
original dataset click on this link here,
this will open up GitHub.
And if you scroll down just a little bit,
go ahead and click on raw and then on the screen
right-click do a save as we need to save.
This is an IP y and be file.
So put it in quotes.
Otherwise it'll save it as a text file and then I'm going
to append underscore pre processing.
Just so I can distinguish it from that workbook that's
already in sagemaker Studio Save.
Now back in Sagemaker studio,
we need to upload that workbook that we just downloaded and
we can do that here with the arrow upload files,
select the workbook and then open.
I'll close out of this original notebook that we had open
and over here on the left make sure that you're opening
the one called pre Processing.
This time we do want to select the kernel and we'll be using the
python three data science kernel So like that.
And now we can get started.
We move this over a little bit close this out on the bottom here again,
you can read through some of the background,
but I'm going to skip down to this set up section here where we start
getting into the code scrolling down a little bit more.
You see, the first thing we define here is these S3 bucket.
This is where we're going to store our data.
We do need to manually go create that and then
enter the name of the bucket here.
To do that, I'll go into the AWS management console,
which I have up here and under services.
I'll type in S3 and then create bucket her name.
I will do PS for Pluralsight AWS XML S3 bucket names
do need to be globally unique.
So I will go ahead and enter a date and my initials.
You might need to try some different things here to get yours unique.
And from here, I'm basically just going to accept all the defaults.
Go next, next, next, and create the bucket that worked.
So I'll click into this, grab the name and copy that to my clipboard.
Now come back over to Sage Maker studio and fill that in right here,
leaving the single quotes on either end.
That's the only update you need to make here.
We've also got some code that's going to get the
execution role that we're running under,
and that was specified when you set up sage maker studio.
So we want to run this block of code.
You could do that either with the run button up here on top,
or you can also hit Shift Enter.
Looks like that ran just fine.
So let's scroll down.
This next bit of code is going to import all the
different Python libraries we need, so I'll click into here.
Do shift enter to run the code and then scrolling down.
There's a little bit more background here about the
business problem and the data.
I'll zoom through that and get to the next block of code.
This next code is going out and getting the dataset,
which is a publicly available dataset,
and it's going to unzip it into our current working directory,
so I'll go ahead and run this shift.
Enter now.
There is a known issue with the Unzip Command
currently here in Sage Maker Studio.
It's been reported to the team, but if you do see an are about unzip.
There is a work around for it.
So coming up here before you do unzip, you want to enter this code exclamation?
Kanda, Install dash y dash c condo, dash, forge and unzip.
I had loaded that up previously, so minds working.
But you might need to run that at least until they get that bug fixed.
If you had that are, insert this line of code,
Run the block again and you should be good.
Assuming everything works, you'll see.
Over here, we've got our data sets folder and in here we've got churned txt,
which is our dataset.
So let me scroll down a little bit more.
This next block of code is going to read that dataset these turn txt
and it displays the first five and last five rows.
So let me run this block scrolling down just a little bit.
You'll see that we have 3333 rows and 21 columns.
We've got features up on the top here, like account length,
international plan, voicemail plans and so forth and then,
very importantly, to scroll around a little bit here.
This last column we've got churn.
And that, of course, is the target.
The thing that we're trying to predict for values we've got
true on falsy in this case they're all falsy,
the ones that are being displayed,
which means this is what type of classification.
It's binary, right, true or false binary classification.
And because it's labeled data,
we know that we're working with a supervised learning problem.
So that's the data were working with.
That's these fetch part of the process.
And like I said earlier, Azure getting started It might be just this simple.
You're working with a single CSV file rather than
Data Lakes and TL tools and such.
Keeping it simple.
For now, this data is actually fairly clean.
It's a publicly available dataset,
but you can imagine if we were fetching 10 or 20
different files from different sources.
You probably need to spend some time cleaning up before moving on.
But moving on, let's do some feature engineering scrolling down.
You'll see some additional data about what each feature is.
I'll let you spend some time with this if you'd like,
but down to the next block of code,
what we're gonna do is start exploring the data.
This code will displace um,
frequency tables for each categorical feature and then
histograms for each numeric feature.
I'll click into this and run scrolling down.
We've got our frequency tables here,
so this just shows how frequently each of these values occur as a percentage.
And we could visualize these, but just scrolling down.
They seem to be fairly well distributed.
In other words,
I'm not seeing any huge numbers or any really tiny numbers for any
particular state going down a little bit more.
We've also done the same thing for phone here.
This is not gonna be very useful because phone numbers are unique and
presumably each number appears the same percentage of time.
And that seems to be the case here, scrolling down some more.
You'll see the majority of customers don't have an international plan.
90% of them, in fact, don't have an international plan.
And for voicemail plans, 72% don't have voice mail.
And then for churn, you can see that about 14.5% of customers churned or left,
which is pretty significant, and that's the problem we're trying to solve.
Then we have some descriptive statistics about our data here.
Things like count mean standard deviation men.
This just helps us better understand the data.
We could even use some of these values to fill in
missing values if we had them now.
Anderson visualizations.
We've got the histograms here for the numeric features,
and a lot of these show fairly even distribution,
meaning we have that bell curve.
There was one up at the top,
though scrolling back up customer service calls that has a positive skew,
meaning that most of the distribution is on the left of
the histogram customer service calls.
And whether somebody is a happy customer could definitely be related.
There's a couple others that we might want to dig on here,
for instance, see international calls.
But first,
let's do some dimensionality reduction to get rid of
the things that we really don't need, like phone number.
The next block of code down here will do that,
so we're going to drop phone and we'll also convert the
area code to a non numeric value.
I'll run this block of code,
and the next we'll take a look at the relationship
between features and our target variable,
which is churn this block of code.
Let's run and these tables are going to look similar to what we just saw.
Except here we've added the churn variable so we can see the at
relationship scroll down to something more interesting than state.
You'll see that people who churn or more likely,
to have an international plan 28% versus 6% and are less likely
to have a voicemail plan 16% versus 29% down below.
We've got our histograms.
I'll just scroll through some of these.
We'll find the customer service calls, which were pretty interesting.
And here you'll see under true the people who turned.
There's a higher number of customer service calls than for those who
didn't turn now scrolling down to our next block of code.
Here, we're going to look at the scatter plot matrix will hit shift enter.
This kind of combines these scatter plot with the correlation
matrix that we saw on the slide and plots all the values of
one variable against another.
I'll scroll down to the visuals and let me just zoom on my
browser just a little bit to help see all of this.
Alright, not perfect,
but hopefully you can see that we've got some linear
relationships or correlations.
Here you'll see a few of these apps sloping lines,
and these are 100% positive correlation,
and that might seem exciting.
But if you look at the details,
you'll see that these are actually day minutes and day a charge,
which just means that as you use more minutes,
your charge more, which we would expect for everybody.
And that probably doesn't have a lot of predictive value
for the problem we're trying to solve.
It's also making our chart really difficult to read.
We have similar outcomes for eve minutes,
and ive charge night minutes,
a night charge and international minutes and international charge.
So what we're going to do is dropped these features.
We've got some code here for this.
I'll run this.
But if I go back up and re create this scatter matrix by
running this code again now scrolling back down,
you'll see that we don't have any clear linear relationships like we did before.
And you should be able to confirm that by looking at the numbers above.
I'll increase my browser size again,
so here you can see that we have very low numbers.
Remember that a one means perfect correlation.
And other than that diagonal line where we would expect one,
you could see everything else has very small numbers,
very close to zero.
Okay, so we've done some analysis on our data.
It's already clean.
Now we can start thinking about which algorithm to pick for our model,
but that will be in the next module.
If you're going to pause for a little bit before continuing to the next module,
you want to shut down the kernel and instance,
this notebook is running on so you aren't incurring charges.
The way to do that, we come over here and back up.
If you right click on the notebook that you're working on,
you'll see that you can shut down the kernel.
But that's not the whole story.
What you want to do instead is click on this round button with the square on it,
which is for running terminals and colonels and then shut things down here.
Just note that if you do decide to shut things down now,
you'll need to run all of that beginning code again
before picking up in the next module. And with that, let's summarize what we've learned